this portion of our CES coverage is
brought to you by LastPass check out the
link in the video description to learn
more and start securing your passwords
today so we're here in the Acer suite
checking out the predator Orion 9000
it's a new high-end desktop from Acer
that basically takes every box that you
could possibly imagine
so from the outside it's got that
aggressive gamer look I mean if you want
you know a windowed side panel it's got
that if you want like a mesh side panel
it's got that too if you need a big
aggressive logo it's got that if you
want carbon fiber looking accents well
it's got that and if you wanted RGB or
if you didn't want RGB well it's got it
either way so spec wise it's equipped
with up to a core I nine extreme edition
18 core processor up to a hundred and
twenty eight gigs of ram up to dual GTX
10 eighties t eyes it's got two m dot
two slots
it's got top Wow I mean what does it not
have it's got dual front 120 millimeter
fans with a single 120 millimeter
exhaust and it's actually liquid cooled
which is something I don't believe I've
seen from an Acer desktop before no I'm
getting the no we haven't done that
before so there's an e io cooler with
dual 120 millimeter fans on a radiator
built up into the top in terms of IO
it's got again pretty much everything
this custom motherboard from Acer is
actually pretty well equipped it's got
four PCIe 16x slots it's got two of
those 20 pin USB 3.1 front panel
connectors and then two more of the
older ones and the whole thing is
powered by a thousand watt power supply
so you can throw in whatever the heck it
is that you want at the front which we
actually managed to not look at yet you
got the predator logo you got this kind
of Tron esque RGB lighting you got a DVD
drive and check that out my friends
headphone holder just in case you didn't
already have one on you know one of your
Acer gaming monitors or whatever the
case may be in terms of pricing we're
looking at $19.99 but it should be noted
that that's going to be significantly
lower spec so that one would have it
seems like eight gigs of RAM it's not
clear whether
would have an n dot to boot drive
although I would say that's probably a
bit of a long shot and that would ship
with a gtx 1070 1070 right cool now the
one thing I haven't told you guys yet is
pretty much the best part so hold on I
got to shut this baby down real quick
here here we go
so you're looking at this thing going
but lightest it's so big how could I
possibly travel to my land parties to
which I would respond in style baby
on the top you'll find handles and on
the back you will find wheels a sir
apparently got tired of shipping
luggages with their computers and they
have resorted to this so huge shout out
to LastPass for sponsoring this video at
events like CES are honestly just when
you're traveling in general or actually
everyday LastPass is a simple and secure
way to access not just passwords but
also the information that you need so
between different people being posting
our videos than usual or everyone
needing to be on all the social accounts
or hey you might run into a situation
where all of a sudden maybe some brand
like oh I don't know Huawei hands you a
new phone that you are supposed to go
and use at their event and you don't
have any of your stuff logged in
LastPass makes it simple you just
install LastPass put in your password
do you two-factor authentication and you
are ready to rock it not only autofills
passwords in a browser like chrome it
can actually autofill passwords on
Android within apps themselves making it
extremely convenient convenient making
it extremely convenient so try them out
at the link in the video description so
thanks for watching guys if you just
like this video then go ahead and hit
that button but if you liked it hit like
get subscribed or maybe consider
checking out where to buy the stuff we
featured in the video description
available yet nothing's ever available
at this show so much for my standard
outro that's fine February apparently
and you can lift it it's an extra value
add my form is probably terrible